com/google/zxing/InvertedLuminanceSource.java
 com.google.zxing.InvertedLuminanceSource
com/google/zxing/client/android/wifi/WifiConfigManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.wifi.WifiConfigManager
com/google/zxing/client/android/common/executor/DefaultAsyncTaskExecInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.common.executor.DefaultAsyncTaskExecInterface
com/google/zxing/LuminanceSource.java
 com.google.zxing.LuminanceSource
com/google/zxing/client/result/AddressBookParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.AddressBookParsedResult
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/X12Encoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.X12Encoder
com/google/zxing/BinaryBitmap.java
 com.google.zxing.BinaryBitmap
com/google/zxing/client/android/ScanBarcodeActivityHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanBarcodeActivityHandler
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanBarcodeActivityHandler$State
com/google/zxing/client/android/common/executor/AsyncTaskExecInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.common.executor.AsyncTaskExecInterface
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/BoundingBox.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.BoundingBox
com/google/zxing/client/android/Intents.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Encode
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$History
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Result
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Scan
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$SearchBookContents
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$Share
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents$WifiConnect
com/google/zxing/client/result/VCardResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.VCardResultParser
com/google/zxing/common/BitSource.java
 com.google.zxing.common.BitSource
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/DecodedInformation.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.DecodedInformation
com/google/zxing/ResultMetadataType.java
 com.google.zxing.ResultMetadataType
com/google/zxing/pdf417/encoder/BarcodeMatrix.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.BarcodeMatrix
com/google/zxing/client/android/common/PlatformSupportManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.common.PlatformSupportManager
com/google/zxing/qrcode/detector/FinderPatternInfo.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.FinderPatternInfo
com/google/zxing/oned/CodaBarReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.CodaBarReader
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/DataCharacter.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.DataCharacter
com/google/zxing/oned/UPCEReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.UPCEReader
com/google/zxing/multi/MultipleBarcodeReader.java
 com.google.zxing.multi.MultipleBarcodeReader
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AnyAIDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AnyAIDecoder
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/ErrorCorrection.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.ErrorCorrection
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/SMSResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.SMSResultHandler
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/ResultButtonListener.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ResultButtonListener
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/AddressBookResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.AddressBookResultHandler
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/RSS14Reader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.RSS14Reader
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI013x0x1xDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI013x0x1xDecoder
com/google/zxing/ResultPoint.java
 com.google.zxing.ResultPoint
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/Pair.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.Pair
com/google/zxing/client/result/URIParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.URIParsedResult
com/google/zxing/common/BitMatrix.java
 com.google.zxing.common.BitMatrix
com/google/zxing/client/result/BookmarkDoCoMoResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.BookmarkDoCoMoResultParser
com/google/zxing/client/android/DecodeFormatManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeFormatManager
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/ExpandedPair.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.ExpandedPair
com/google/zxing/client/android/IntentSource.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.IntentSource
com/google/zxing/client/android/ScanFromWebPageManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanFromWebPageManager
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/CameraManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.CameraManager
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/ec/ModulusPoly.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.ec.ModulusPoly
com/google/zxing/client/result/WifiResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.WifiResultParser
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/DecodedChar.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.DecodedChar
com/google/zxing/client/android/encode/Formatter.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.Formatter
com/google/zxing/client/result/TextParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.TextParsedResult
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/DataMatrixSymbolInfo144.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.DataMatrixSymbolInfo144
com/google/zxing/client/android/ViewfinderResultPointCallback.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ViewfinderResultPointCallback
com/google/zxing/client/result/GeoParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.GeoParsedResult
com/google/zxing/client/android/ViewfinderView.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ViewfinderView
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/supplement/URIResultInfoRetriever.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.supplement.URIResultInfoRetriever
com/google/zxing/client/android/ScanBarcodeActivity.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanBarcodeActivity
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanBarcodeActivity$1
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanBarcodeActivity$2
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanBarcodeActivity$3
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanBarcodeActivity$4
 com.google.zxing.client.android.ScanBarcodeActivity$5
com/google/zxing/NotFoundException.java
 com.google.zxing.NotFoundException
com/google/zxing/client/android/common/executor/AsyncTaskExecManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.common.executor.AsyncTaskExecManager
com/google/zxing/client/android/PreferencesActivity.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.PreferencesActivity
com/google/zxing/client/android/BeepManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager
 com.google.zxing.client.android.BeepManager$1
com/google/zxing/multi/ByQuadrantReader.java
 com.google.zxing.multi.ByQuadrantReader
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/ASCIIEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.ASCIIEncoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/InactivityTimer.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer
 com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$1
 com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$InactivityAsyncTask
 com.google.zxing.client.android.InactivityTimer$PowerStatusReceiver
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/supplement/AmazonInfoRetriever.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.supplement.AmazonInfoRetriever
com/google/zxing/RGBLuminanceSource.java
 com.google.zxing.RGBLuminanceSource
com/google/zxing/pdf417/PDF417Common.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.PDF417Common
com/google/zxing/qrcode/encoder/MaskUtil.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.encoder.MaskUtil
com/google/zxing/aztec/encoder/AztecCode.java
 com.google.zxing.aztec.encoder.AztecCode
com/google/zxing/pdf417/PDF417Reader.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.PDF417Reader
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/exposure/ExposureInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.exposure.ExposureInterface
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/BitMatrixParser.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.BitMatrixParser
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/Version.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Version
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Version$ECB
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Version$ECBlocks
com/google/zxing/client/result/TelResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.TelResultParser
com/google/zxing/common/GlobalHistogramBinarizer.java
 com.google.zxing.common.GlobalHistogramBinarizer
com/google/zxing/FormatException.java
 com.google.zxing.FormatException
com/google/zxing/client/android/book/SearchBookContentsListItem.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.book.SearchBookContentsListItem
com/google/zxing/oned/EAN8Writer.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.EAN8Writer
com/google/zxing/multi/qrcode/detector/MultiFinderPatternFinder.java
 com.google.zxing.multi.qrcode.detector.MultiFinderPatternFinder
 com.google.zxing.multi.qrcode.detector.MultiFinderPatternFinder$1
 com.google.zxing.multi.qrcode.detector.MultiFinderPatternFinder$ModuleSizeComparator
com/google/zxing/client/result/AbstractDoCoMoResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.AbstractDoCoMoResultParser
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/BarcodeMetadata.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.BarcodeMetadata
com/google/zxing/oned/OneDimensionalCodeWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.OneDimensionalCodeWriter
com/google/zxing/oned/EANManufacturerOrgSupport.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.EANManufacturerOrgSupport
com/google/zxing/oned/ITFReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.ITFReader
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/exposure/DefaultExposureInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.exposure.DefaultExposureInterface
com/google/zxing/client/result/EmailDoCoMoResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.EmailDoCoMoResultParser
com/google/zxing/common/reedsolomon/ReedSolomonException.java
 com.google.zxing.common.reedsolomon.ReedSolomonException
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/BarcodeValue.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.BarcodeValue
com/google/zxing/client/result/SMSParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.SMSParsedResult
com/google/zxing/client/android/DecodeHintManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeHintManager
com/google/zxing/oned/UPCAWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.UPCAWriter
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI01decoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI01decoder
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/decoder/DecodedBitStreamParser.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.DecodedBitStreamParser
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.DecodedBitStreamParser$1
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.DecodedBitStreamParser$Mode
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/SymbolInfo.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolInfo
com/google/zxing/oned/EAN13Reader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.EAN13Reader
com/google/zxing/qrcode/detector/Detector.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.Detector
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/GeneralAppIdDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.GeneralAppIdDecoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/supplement/ProductResultInfoRetriever.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.supplement.ProductResultInfoRetriever
com/google/zxing/common/detector/MonochromeRectangleDetector.java
 com.google.zxing.common.detector.MonochromeRectangleDetector
com/google/zxing/oned/UPCEANWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.UPCEANWriter
com/google/zxing/client/android/DecodeThread.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeThread
com/google/zxing/client/result/ResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ResultParser
com/google/zxing/aztec/decoder/Decoder.java
 com.google.zxing.aztec.decoder.Decoder
 com.google.zxing.aztec.decoder.Decoder$1
 com.google.zxing.aztec.decoder.Decoder$Table
com/google/zxing/client/android/history/DBHelper.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.history.DBHelper
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/FrontLightMode.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.FrontLightMode
com/google/zxing/client/result/ExpandedProductResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ExpandedProductResultParser
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/Codeword.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.Codeword
com/google/zxing/client/android/history/HistoryManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.history.HistoryManager
com/google/zxing/client/result/AddressBookDoCoMoResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.AddressBookDoCoMoResultParser
com/google/zxing/maxicode/decoder/DecodedBitStreamParser.java
 com.google.zxing.maxicode.decoder.DecodedBitStreamParser
com/google/zxing/client/result/SMSMMSResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.SMSMMSResultParser
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/decoder/Version.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.Version
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.Version$1
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.Version$ECB
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.Version$ECBlocks
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/EmailAddressResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.EmailAddressResultHandler
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/RSSExpandedReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.RSSExpandedReader
com/google/zxing/oned/CodaBarWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.CodaBarWriter
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/open/OpenCameraInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.OpenCameraInterface
com/google/zxing/maxicode/decoder/Decoder.java
 com.google.zxing.maxicode.decoder.Decoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/TextResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.TextResultHandler
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/AbstractRSSReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.AbstractRSSReader
com/google/zxing/client/android/AmbientLightManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.AmbientLightManager
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/ResultHandlerFactory.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ResultHandlerFactory
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ResultHandlerFactory$1
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/WifiResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.WifiResultHandler
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.WifiResultHandler$1
com/google/zxing/qrcode/QRCodeReader.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.QRCodeReader
com/google/zxing/WriterException.java
 com.google.zxing.WriterException
com/google/zxing/client/android/history/HistoryActivity.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.history.HistoryActivity
 com.google.zxing.client.android.history.HistoryActivity$1
com/google/zxing/MultiFormatReader.java
 com.google.zxing.MultiFormatReader
com/google/zxing/client/result/ProductResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ProductResultParser
com/google/zxing/common/StringUtils.java
 com.google.zxing.common.StringUtils
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/TextEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.TextEncoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/PreviewCallback.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.PreviewCallback
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI01393xDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI01393xDecoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/pref/BSPlusPreference.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.pref.BSPlusPreference
 com.google.zxing.client.android.pref.BSPlusPreference$1
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/exposure/ExposureManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.exposure.ExposureManager
com/google/zxing/client/android/wifi/NetworkType.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.wifi.NetworkType
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/DecodedBitStreamParser.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DecodedBitStreamParser
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/ExpandedRow.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.ExpandedRow
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/decoder/DataBlock.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.DataBlock
com/google/zxing/client/android/book/SearchBookContentsActivity.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.book.SearchBookContentsActivity
 com.google.zxing.client.android.book.SearchBookContentsActivity$1
 com.google.zxing.client.android.book.SearchBookContentsActivity$2
 com.google.zxing.client.android.book.SearchBookContentsActivity$NetworkTask
com/google/zxing/client/android/encode/EncodeActivity.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.EncodeActivity
com/google/zxing/Result.java
 com.google.zxing.Result
com/google/zxing/client/result/EmailAddressResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.EmailAddressResultParser
com/google/zxing/pdf417/encoder/PDF417ErrorCorrection.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.PDF417ErrorCorrection
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/supplement/BookResultInfoRetriever.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.supplement.BookResultInfoRetriever
com/google/zxing/BarcodeFormat.java
 com.google.zxing.BarcodeFormat
com/google/zxing/aztec/AztecDetectorResult.java
 com.google.zxing.aztec.AztecDetectorResult
com/google/zxing/pdf417/encoder/Compaction.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Compaction
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/DetectionResultRowIndicatorColumn.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.DetectionResultRowIndicatorColumn
com/google/zxing/common/PerspectiveTransform.java
 com.google.zxing.common.PerspectiveTransform
com/google/zxing/common/reedsolomon/GenericGFPoly.java
 com.google.zxing.common.reedsolomon.GenericGFPoly
com/google/zxing/client/android/encode/VCardContactEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.VCardContactEncoder
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.VCardContactEncoder$1
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.VCardContactEncoder$2
com/google/zxing/client/android/HttpHelper.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.HttpHelper
 com.google.zxing.client.android.HttpHelper$1
 com.google.zxing.client.android.HttpHelper$ContentType
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/open/OpenCameraManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.OpenCameraManager
com/google/zxing/multi/GenericMultipleBarcodeReader.java
 com.google.zxing.multi.GenericMultipleBarcodeReader
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/ec/ErrorCorrection.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.ec.ErrorCorrection
com/google/zxing/qrcode/encoder/BlockPair.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.encoder.BlockPair
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/detector/Detector.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.detector.Detector
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.detector.Detector$1
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.detector.Detector$ResultPointsAndTransitions
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.detector.Detector$ResultPointsAndTransitionsComparator
com/google/zxing/multi/qrcode/detector/MultiDetector.java
 com.google.zxing.multi.qrcode.detector.MultiDetector
com/google/zxing/oned/Code39Writer.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.Code39Writer
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/ISBNResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ISBNResultHandler
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ISBNResultHandler$1
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/Decoder.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Decoder
com/google/zxing/ResultPointCallback.java
 com.google.zxing.ResultPointCallback
com/google/zxing/oned/Code93Reader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.Code93Reader
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/DecodedBitStreamParser.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.DecodedBitStreamParser
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.DecodedBitStreamParser$1
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.DecodedBitStreamParser$Mode
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI01AndOtherAIs.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI01AndOtherAIs
com/google/zxing/pdf417/encoder/Dimensions.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.Dimensions
com/google/zxing/client/android/encode/QRCodeEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.QRCodeEncoder
com/google/zxing/oned/UPCEANExtension5Support.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.UPCEANExtension5Support
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/DecodedNumeric.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.DecodedNumeric
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/FinderPattern.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.FinderPattern
com/google/zxing/oned/UPCEANExtension2Support.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.UPCEANExtension2Support
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/TelResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.TelResultHandler
com/google/zxing/qrcode/detector/AlignmentPattern.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.AlignmentPattern
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/open/GingerbreadOpenCameraInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.GingerbreadOpenCameraInterface
com/google/zxing/oned/Code39Reader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.Code39Reader
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/CameraConfigurationManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.CameraConfigurationManager
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.CameraConfigurationManager$1
com/google/zxing/client/result/WifiParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.WifiParsedResult
com/google/zxing/qrcode/encoder/ByteMatrix.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.encoder.ByteMatrix
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/Mode.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.Mode
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI01320xDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI01320xDecoder
com/google/zxing/oned/MultiFormatOneDReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.MultiFormatOneDReader
com/google/zxing/common/CharacterSetECI.java
 com.google.zxing.common.CharacterSetECI
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/FormatInformation.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.FormatInformation
com/google/zxing/common/reedsolomon/ReedSolomonDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.common.reedsolomon.ReedSolomonDecoder
com/google/zxing/oned/UPCEANExtensionSupport.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.UPCEANExtensionSupport
com/google/zxing/client/result/SMTPResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.SMTPResultParser
com/google/zxing/qrcode/encoder/Encoder.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.encoder.Encoder
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.encoder.Encoder$1
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/DataMatrixReader.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.DataMatrixReader
com/google/zxing/ChecksumException.java
 com.google.zxing.ChecksumException
com/google/zxing/MultiFormatWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.MultiFormatWriter
 com.google.zxing.MultiFormatWriter$1
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AbstractExpandedDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AbstractExpandedDecoder
com/google/zxing/common/DecoderResult.java
 com.google.zxing.common.DecoderResult
com/google/zxing/client/android/history/HistoryItemAdapter.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.history.HistoryItemAdapter
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/EncoderContext.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.EncoderContext
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/DetectionResult.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.DetectionResult
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/C40Encoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.C40Encoder
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/RSSUtils.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.RSSUtils
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/HighLevelEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.HighLevelEncoder
com/google/zxing/common/reedsolomon/ReedSolomonEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.common.reedsolomon.ReedSolomonEncoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/ProductResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ProductResultHandler
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ProductResultHandler$1
com/google/zxing/aztec/detector/Detector.java
 com.google.zxing.aztec.detector.Detector
 com.google.zxing.aztec.detector.Detector$Point
com/google/zxing/client/android/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.BuildConfig
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/DataBlock.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataBlock
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/ResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ResultHandler
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.ResultHandler$1
com/google/zxing/client/result/ExpandedProductParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ExpandedProductParsedResult
com/google/zxing/client/android/encode/ContactEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.ContactEncoder
com/google/zxing/aztec/AztecWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.aztec.AztecWriter
com/google/zxing/qrcode/detector/AlignmentPatternFinder.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.AlignmentPatternFinder
com/google/zxing/client/result/SMSTOMMSTOResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.SMSTOMMSTOResultParser
com/google/zxing/client/android/FinishListener.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.FinishListener
com/google/zxing/client/result/VEventResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.VEventResultParser
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/BitArrayBuilder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.BitArrayBuilder
com/google/zxing/DecodeHintType.java
 com.google.zxing.DecodeHintType
com/google/zxing/client/android/LocaleManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.LocaleManager
com/google/zxing/common/detector/WhiteRectangleDetector.java
 com.google.zxing.common.detector.WhiteRectangleDetector
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI01weightDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI01weightDecoder
com/google/zxing/qrcode/detector/FinderPatternFinder.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.FinderPatternFinder
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.FinderPatternFinder$1
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.FinderPatternFinder$CenterComparator
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.FinderPatternFinder$FurthestFromAverageComparator
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/ErrorCorrectionLevel.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.ErrorCorrectionLevel
com/google/zxing/client/result/ISBNParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ISBNParsedResult
com/google/zxing/pdf417/detector/Detector.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.detector.Detector
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/URIResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.URIResultHandler
com/google/zxing/client/result/URLTOResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.URLTOResultParser
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI01392xDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI01392xDecoder
com/google/zxing/common/DetectorResult.java
 com.google.zxing.common.DetectorResult
com/google/zxing/common/HybridBinarizer.java
 com.google.zxing.common.HybridBinarizer
com/google/zxing/Reader.java
 com.google.zxing.Reader
com/google/zxing/aztec/AztecReader.java
 com.google.zxing.aztec.AztecReader
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/EdifactEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.EdifactEncoder
com/google/zxing/multi/qrcode/QRCodeMultiReader.java
 com.google.zxing.multi.qrcode.QRCodeMultiReader
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI013103decoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI013103decoder
com/google/zxing/client/result/GeoResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.GeoResultParser
com/google/zxing/oned/Code128Writer.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Writer
com/google/zxing/Dimension.java
 com.google.zxing.Dimension
com/google/zxing/client/result/ParsedResultType.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ParsedResultType
com/google/zxing/common/DefaultGridSampler.java
 com.google.zxing.common.DefaultGridSampler
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/AI013x0xDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.AI013x0xDecoder
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/DataMatrixWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.DataMatrixWriter
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/PDF417CodewordDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.PDF417CodewordDecoder
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/ec/ModulusGF.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.ec.ModulusGF
com/google/zxing/client/result/TelParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.TelParsedResult
com/google/zxing/oned/UPCAReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.UPCAReader
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/FieldParser.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.FieldParser
com/google/zxing/Binarizer.java
 com.google.zxing.Binarizer
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/Encoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.Encoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/supplement/SupplementalInfoRetriever.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.supplement.SupplementalInfoRetriever
com/google/zxing/maxicode/decoder/BitMatrixParser.java
 com.google.zxing.maxicode.decoder.BitMatrixParser
com/google/zxing/oned/EAN13Writer.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.EAN13Writer
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/open/DefaultOpenCameraInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.open.DefaultOpenCameraInterface
com/google/zxing/oned/OneDReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.OneDReader
com/google/zxing/ReaderException.java
 com.google.zxing.ReaderException
com/google/zxing/pdf417/encoder/PDF417HighLevelEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.PDF417HighLevelEncoder
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/Base256Encoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.Base256Encoder
com/google/zxing/Writer.java
 com.google.zxing.Writer
com/google/zxing/oned/ITFWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.ITFWriter
com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/DataMask.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$1
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$DataMask000
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$DataMask001
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$DataMask010
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$DataMask011
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$DataMask100
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$DataMask101
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$DataMask110
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.decoder.DataMask$DataMask111
com/google/zxing/client/android/book/SearchBookContentsResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.book.SearchBookContentsResult
com/google/zxing/client/result/CalendarParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.CalendarParsedResult
com/google/zxing/pdf417/PDF417Writer.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.PDF417Writer
com/google/zxing/pdf417/encoder/BarcodeRow.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.BarcodeRow
com/google/zxing/client/result/ISBNResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ISBNResultParser
com/google/zxing/common/GridSampler.java
 com.google.zxing.common.GridSampler
com/google/zxing/qrcode/encoder/MatrixUtil.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.encoder.MatrixUtil
com/google/zxing/oned/MultiFormatUPCEANReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.MultiFormatUPCEANReader
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/decoder/BitMatrixParser.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.BitMatrixParser
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/SymbolShapeHint.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.SymbolShapeHint
com/google/zxing/client/result/URIResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.URIResultParser
com/google/zxing/client/result/AddressBookAUResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.AddressBookAUResultParser
com/google/zxing/common/reedsolomon/GenericGF.java
 com.google.zxing.common.reedsolomon.GenericGF
com/google/zxing/client/android/book/BrowseBookListener.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.book.BrowseBookListener
com/google/zxing/EncodeHintType.java
 com.google.zxing.EncodeHintType
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/encoder/DefaultPlacement.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.encoder.DefaultPlacement
com/google/zxing/client/android/encode/MECARDContactEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.MECARDContactEncoder
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.MECARDContactEncoder$1
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.MECARDContactEncoder$2
 com.google.zxing.client.android.encode.MECARDContactEncoder$3
com/google/zxing/client/result/BizcardResultParser.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.BizcardResultParser
com/google/zxing/datamatrix/decoder/Decoder.java
 com.google.zxing.datamatrix.decoder.Decoder
com/google/zxing/client/result/EmailAddressParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.EmailAddressParsedResult
com/google/zxing/aztec/encoder/Encoder.java
 com.google.zxing.aztec.encoder.Encoder
com/google/zxing/client/android/common/executor/HoneycombAsyncTaskExecInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.common.executor.HoneycombAsyncTaskExecInterface
com/google/zxing/pdf417/encoder/PDF417.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.encoder.PDF417
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/BlockParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.BlockParsedResult
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/DetectionResultColumn.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.DetectionResultColumn
com/google/zxing/client/result/ParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ParsedResult
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/AutoFocusManager.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.AutoFocusManager
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.AutoFocusManager$1
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.AutoFocusManager$AutoFocusTask
com/google/zxing/oned/Code128Reader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.Code128Reader
com/google/zxing/client/android/DecodeHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.DecodeHandler
com/google/zxing/common/detector/MathUtils.java
 com.google.zxing.common.detector.MathUtils
com/google/zxing/qrcode/QRCodeWriter.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.QRCodeWriter
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/supplement/TitleRetriever.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.supplement.TitleRetriever
com/google/zxing/maxicode/MaxiCodeReader.java
 com.google.zxing.maxicode.MaxiCodeReader
com/google/zxing/client/android/book/SearchBookContentsAdapter.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.book.SearchBookContentsAdapter
com/google/zxing/qrcode/detector/FinderPattern.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.detector.FinderPattern
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/CalendarResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.CalendarResultHandler
com/google/zxing/pdf417/detector/PDF417DetectorResult.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.detector.PDF417DetectorResult
com/google/zxing/oned/EAN8Reader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.EAN8Reader
com/google/zxing/pdf417/decoder/PDF417ScanningDecoder.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.decoder.PDF417ScanningDecoder
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/DecodedObject.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.DecodedObject
com/google/zxing/qrcode/encoder/QRCode.java
 com.google.zxing.qrcode.encoder.QRCode
com/google/zxing/client/android/result/GeoResultHandler.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.result.GeoResultHandler
com/google/zxing/pdf417/PDF417ResultMetadata.java
 com.google.zxing.pdf417.PDF417ResultMetadata
com/google/zxing/oned/rss/expanded/decoders/CurrentParsingState.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.CurrentParsingState
 com.google.zxing.oned.rss.expanded.decoders.CurrentParsingState$State
com/google/zxing/client/android/Contents.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Contents
 com.google.zxing.client.android.Contents$Type
com/google/zxing/client/android/history/HistoryItem.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.history.HistoryItem
com/google/zxing/common/BitArray.java
 com.google.zxing.common.BitArray
com/google/zxing/client/android/camera/exposure/FroyoExposureInterface.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.camera.exposure.FroyoExposureInterface
com/google/zxing/client/result/ProductParsedResult.java
 com.google.zxing.client.result.ProductParsedResult
com/google/zxing/oned/UPCEANReader.java
 com.google.zxing.oned.UPCEANReader
com/google/zxing/PlanarYUVLuminanceSource.java
 com.google.zxing.PlanarYUVLuminanceSource
